so guys good evening fucking because
he is now evening what we have we have
prioru
prioru restyling 2 now we are seeing
which is more accurate
Many owners of this model are very
often encounter a problem when
buying priors restyling them very
often the dashboard turns off say
so you often turn off shorter
brains fuck short let 's say so here
Now we see that it works, but we
caught such a country very strange
the phenomenon is shorter look here now we
turn on the ignition as you see here
I turn the key about you all
earned light bulbs burn
car starts naham work well bye
teeth carrying
I have to see you on the neck and now we
turn off our machine shorter
and now completely turn off the ignition
off dimensions completely off of
the soul does not remember anything and does not affect accurate
now we go there wait wire
carry out doing knives magic
rag so to speak so-called
microfiber which disables just
light touch hold
And he usually rags day and choose in
the hotel wipe just easy you
beautiful in no pressure no
nothing like that just we her three three
here is my second hand as if nothing would
do not turn off turn on the ignition panel
appliances
she doesn't work nichrome that's what it is
so for 1 day the car starts up
down the arrows fell down the panel fell
devices do not work therefore very often
many people are mistaken and change
I'll go burns process they say
on and became about vocabulary
but it is not so easy not to use
of course fiber and fucked up and then your
review will be your prior will work
like a clock now the treatment method ladies and
disease open open the hood here
actually open the hood go
see what happens there
show any wonder but kalinkovich
number km and then all the same here we look
disconnect the terminals shaft that he did not pizdit
the panel visited I already here key and threatened
would be specially prepared but because
She like I marked it here we remove
cleat
tascam for 10 seconds wait wait wait
extremely strange such an honest phenomenon
fucking word is he so fucked up
Interpol Internet looked fucking
they said that motorola all processors
things may be the way it is of course
here dick take most likely it
microfiber publishes some electromagnetic
radiation which is some kind of secret
way affects the performance
CPU and so go ahead we get everything
tachometer transactions earned speedometer
shorter at zero everything works temperature
shows so guys do not chop
if you don't spend extra money on pin
I will fight and just do not buy this one
river rag not to worry about not that you
the turret will walk rejoice up
the machine will be working on the creature on
the phenomenon really want to know well this
probably we are the first you really revealed it
everything works like this and by the way please
notice that there were no
pressing on the panel we just have it
rubbed it goes
girl you just stomp many
are mistaken about
and just plain change and bye with
you were edward cheese